hello there this will be a unboxing of
the nokia e7 so let's get started here
is the box click draw the phone locate
yourself a knock here on the right-hand
side just some serial numbers on the
back it's got a picture of the phone at
different angles and it's saying really
some features of the phone a megapixel
camera 4 inch AMOLED touchscreen 3g and
while SB bluetooth 3.0 and a 16 gig
built-in storage cells you I've got in
the box what's you will see that and a
few of the features here such as the
dolby digital plus hdmi out java search
certified and Wi-Fi certify itself let's
dig into the box so i did dig into the
phone let me run into the box and have a
look what was in there then i thought
i'd do an unboxing and so I one of the
accessories the charger obviously USB
bit Michael just be based is out and
there in the box we get the fold that's
like for a second little tray here is a
sort of pouch quite like how it works
basically puffy fallen in and then if
you just pull this little tab it
actually slide out you might think I
loose the little tab is loose as soon as
you put it back in it goes back to flats
off I'll quite like the pouch also we
get 3.5 headphones with these in here
and it's for my create some controls it
is the USB cable USB to microUSB as well
as that we get the nokia hdmi to mini
hdmi USB to microUSB and finally some
extra ear buds anyway let's have a look
what's the phone actually like so here
it is the rocky
e 7 obviously with the slide out
keyboard I have a tool around the phone
on the top not sure how well you can see
this let's just all of you on the top
bit is the three-and-a-half millimeter
headset jack just the power button so i
lock button here under this little door
something like this there is the mini
hdmi port and next to that there is the
micro USB port on the back there is the
eight and a half millimeter eight point
eight megapixel camera sorry about that
dual LED flash and I've seen Scott auto
focus here is a speaker on the
right-hand side that is the sim card
slot is a volume rocker surprise and
that is a camera burned on the left-hand
side just the locks which obviously has
a power button lock switch the only
physical button on the front is the home
button here we do get a VGA camera and
some proximity sensors as well and
obviously it is a hard camera but I
think of mr. so this has sis to a quick
slice comparison actually of the alcohol
again 100th a half and the e7 the both
slide out phones boxes you can see the
e7 is bigger due to the four and a half
and screened this were full inch screen
yeah it's way bigger but spin as well
the in 100 just slides that like soft
but the e7 pops out it's got a pretty
nice hinge pretty stable so this has
been an unboxing of the nokia e7 just
for you who are wondering i will do a
review on the phone on somewhat to know
a bit better and i'll still do some in
100 covering probably not as much you've
got hamilton a lot but i will stood
still do some stuff on the n900 so this
has been an unboxing of the Lucky seven
and
get through to you with a review
sometimes dude